src/main/webapp/resources/namdreab/help/dojorena-manual-en.md, before:

<!-- Code generated by ManualGeneratorRunner.java
  !!!DO NOT EDIT!!! -->
<meta charset="UTF-8">

## Intro

The game server for familiarization and practice you can always find here: [Namdreab Free-For-All server.](https://dojorena.io/games/20).

This is the open source game. To realize your game, correct errors in the current version and make the other corrections, you should [fork the project](https://github.com/codenjoyme/codenjoy) at first. There is the description in the Readme.md file in the repository root. It is specified in the description what to do next.

Game project (for writing your bot) can be found [here](https://github.com/codenjoyme/codenjoy-clients.git)

## What is the game about

Keep in mind: when writing your bot you should stick to its movement logic.
The rest of the game is ready for you.

You have to write a hero bot that will beat other bots by points. All players play on the
same field. Hero can move to empty cells in four directions but cannot move to the previous cell.

On its path a hero can encounter acorns, gold, fly agarics, death caps, blueberries or other
heroes. If hero eats an acorn it becomes shorter by 4 cells. If its length is less
than 2, it dies. For gold, blueberry and dead competitors hero gets 
bonus points[(?)](#ask).
For its own death and eaten acorns hero gets demerit points[(?)](#ask).
The points are summed up.

The player with most points when time expires wins. A dead hero immediately
vanishes and reappears on one of the respawn cells, waiting for the next
round (start event).

## Game Author

If you have any questions feel free to contact me:
Author **Корсиков Илья**,
email [kors.ilya@gmail.com](mailto:kors.ilya@gmail.com),
skype [kk.ilya](skype:kk.ilya).

## Connect to the server

So, the player registers on the server and joining the game.

Then you should connect from client code to the server via websockets. 
This [collection of clients](https://github.com/codenjoyme/codenjoy-clients.git) 
for different programming languages will help you. How to start a client 
please check at the root of the project in the README.md file.

If you can't find your programming language, you're gonna have to 
write your client (and then send us to the mail:
[oleksandr_baglai@epam.com](mailto:oleksandr_baglai@epam.com)

Address to connect the game on the server looks like this (you can 
copy it from your game room):

`https://[server]/codenjoy-contest/board/player/[user]?code=[code]`

Here `[server]` - domain/id of server, `[user]` is your player id and 
`[code]` is your security token. Make sure you keep the code safe from 
prying eyes. Any participant, knowing your code, can play on your behalf.

## Message format

After connection, the client will regularly (every second) receive 
a line of characters with the encoded state of the field. The format:

`^board=(.*)$`

You can use this regular expression to extract a board from
the resulting string.

## Field example

Here is an example of a string from the server.

<pre>☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼  ○                       ●☼☼#                           ☼☼☼      ☼#         ●         ☼☼☼                           ☼☼#                        æ  ☼☼☼                ☼#      │  ☼☼☼      ☼☼☼        ☼  ☼   │  ☼☼#      ☼          ☼  ☼   │  ☼☼☼      ☼        ● ☼  ☼   │  ☼☼☼      ☼☼☼æ       ○   ● ┌┘  ☼☼#         │    ☼#     <─┘ ● ☼☼☼     ○<──┘  ●           æ  ☼☼☼     ▲             ☼   ˄│  ☼☼#     ║                 └┘  ☼☼☼     ║                     ☼☼☼     ║           ☼#     ●● ☼☼#     ║ ☼☼ ☼                ☼☼☼     ║    ☼                ☼☼☼  ●  ║ ☼☼ ☼                ☼☼#     ║    ☼             ●  ☼☼☼ ● ╘═╝   ☼#                ☼☼☼     ●           ○         ☼☼#                  ☼☼☼   ●  ☼☼☼                        ● ●☼☼☼               ☼☼☼#        ☼☼#                           ☼☼☼                           ☼☼☼                           ☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼</pre>

The length of the string is equal to the area of the field.
If you insert a hyphen character strings every
`sqrt(length(string))` characters, then you will get a readable
field image.

<pre>☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼
☼☼  ○                       ●☼
☼#                           ☼
☼☼      ☼#         ●         ☼
☼☼                           ☼
☼#                        æ  ☼
☼☼                ☼#      │  ☼
☼☼      ☼☼☼        ☼  ☼   │  ☼
☼#      ☼          ☼  ☼   │  ☼
☼☼      ☼        ● ☼  ☼   │  ☼
☼☼      ☼☼☼æ       ○   ● ┌┘  ☼
☼#         │    ☼#     <─┘ ● ☼
☼☼     ○<──┘  ●           æ  ☼
☼☼     ▲             ☼   ˄│  ☼
☼#     ║                 └┘  ☼
☼☼     ║                     ☼
☼☼     ║           ☼#     ●● ☼
☼#     ║ ☼☼ ☼                ☼
☼☼     ║    ☼                ☼
☼☼  ●  ║ ☼☼ ☼                ☼
☼#     ║    ☼             ●  ☼
☼☼ ● ╘═╝   ☼#                ☼
☼☼     ●           ○         ☼
☼#                  ☼☼☼   ●  ☼
☼☼                        ● ●☼
☼☼               ☼☼☼#        ☼
☼#                           ☼
☼☼                           ☼
☼☼                           ☼
☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼</pre>

The first character of the line corresponds to a cell located on the
left-top corner and has the `[0, 28]` coordinate. The following example
shows the position of the hero (the `▲` character) – `[7,16]`. left-bottom
corner has the `[0, 0]` coordinate.

This is what you see on UI:

<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/help/board.png" style="height:auto;" />

<meta charset="UTF-8">

## Symbol breakdown
| Sprite | Code | Description |
| -------- | -------- | -------- |
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/none.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `NONE(' ')` | Empty space - space where the hero can move. | 
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/rock.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `ROCK('☼')` | Impenetrable rock. | 
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/start_spot.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `START_SPOT('#')` | Respawn point from which the hero starts its movement. | 
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/blueberry.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `BLUEBERRY('○')` | Blueberry. | 
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/acorn.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `ACORN('●')` | Acorn. | 
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/death_cap.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `DEATH_CAP('©')` | Death cap/Angel's wings. | 
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/fly_agaric.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `FLY_AGARIC('®')` | Fly agaric/Devil's mask. | 
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/gold.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `GOLD('$')` | Gold. | 
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/head_down.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `HEAD_DOWN('▼')` | Your hero head pointing down. | 
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/head_left.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `HEAD_LEFT('◄')` | Your hero head pointing left. | 
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/head_right.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `HEAD_RIGHT('►')` | Your hero head pointing right. | 
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/head_up.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `HEAD_UP('▲')` | Your hero head pointing up. | 
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/head_dead.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `HEAD_DEAD('☻')` | Your hero is dead. | 
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/head_evil.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `HEAD_EVIL('♥')` | Your hero head under influence Fly agaric/Devils mask. | 
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/head_fly.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `HEAD_FLY('♠')` | Your hero head under influence Death cap/Angels wings. | 
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/head_sleep.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `HEAD_SLEEP('&')` | Your hero head when hero is inactive. | 
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/body_horizontal.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `BODY_HORIZONTAL('═')` | Body of your hero is directed horizontally. | 
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/body_vertical.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `BODY_VERTICAL('║')` | Body of your hero is directed vertically. | 
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/body_left_down.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `BODY_LEFT_DOWN('╗')` | Turning your hero body from left to down. | 
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/body_left_up.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `BODY_LEFT_UP('╝')` | Turning your hero body from left to up. | 
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/body_right_down.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `BODY_RIGHT_DOWN('╔')` | Turning your hero body from right to down. | 
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/body_right_up.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `BODY_RIGHT_UP('╚')` | Turning your hero body from left to up. | 
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/tail_end_down.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `TAIL_END_DOWN('╙')` | Your hero tail (end) pointing down. | 
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/tail_end_left.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `TAIL_END_LEFT('╘')` | Your hero tail (end) pointing left. | 
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/tail_end_up.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `TAIL_END_UP('╓')` | Your hero tail (end) pointing up. | 
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/tail_end_right.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `TAIL_END_RIGHT('╕')` | Your hero tail (end) pointing right. | 
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/tail_inactive.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `TAIL_INACTIVE('~')` | Your hero tail (end) when hero is inactive. | 
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/enemy_head_down.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `ENEMY_HEAD_DOWN('˅')` | Enemy hero head pointing down. | 
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/enemy_head_left.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `ENEMY_HEAD_LEFT('<')` | Enemy hero head pointing left. | 
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/enemy_head_right.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `ENEMY_HEAD_RIGHT('>')` | Enemy hero head pointing right. | 
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/enemy_head_up.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `ENEMY_HEAD_UP('˄')` | Enemy hero head pointing up. | 
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/enemy_head_dead.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `ENEMY_HEAD_DEAD('☺')` | Enemy hero is dead. | 
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/enemy_head_evil.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `ENEMY_HEAD_EVIL('♣')` | Enemy hero head under influence Fly agaric/Devils mask. | 
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/enemy_head_fly.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `ENEMY_HEAD_FLY('♦')` | Enemy hero head under influence Death cap/Angels wings. | 
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/enemy_head_sleep.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `ENEMY_HEAD_SLEEP('ø')` | Enemy hero head when hero is inactive. | 
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/enemy_body_horizontal.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `ENEMY_BODY_HORIZONTAL('─')` | Body of enemy hero is directed horizontally. | 
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/enemy_body_vertical.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `ENEMY_BODY_VERTICAL('│')` | Body of enemy hero is directed vertically. | 
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/enemy_body_left_down.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `ENEMY_BODY_LEFT_DOWN('┐')` | Turning enemy hero body from left to down. | 
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/enemy_body_left_up.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `ENEMY_BODY_LEFT_UP('┘')` | Turning enemy hero body from left to up. | 
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/enemy_body_right_down.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `ENEMY_BODY_RIGHT_DOWN('┌')` | Turning enemy hero body from right to down. | 
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/enemy_body_right_up.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `ENEMY_BODY_RIGHT_UP('└')` | Turning enemy hero body from left to up. | 
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/enemy_tail_end_down.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `ENEMY_TAIL_END_DOWN('¤')` | Enemy hero tail (end) pointing down. | 
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/enemy_tail_end_left.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `ENEMY_TAIL_END_LEFT('×')` | Enemy hero tail (end) pointing left. | 
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/enemy_tail_end_up.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `ENEMY_TAIL_END_UP('æ')` | Enemy hero tail (end) pointing up. | 
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/enemy_tail_end_right.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `ENEMY_TAIL_END_RIGHT('ö')` | Enemy hero tail (end) pointing right. | 
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/enemy_tail_inactive.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `ENEMY_TAIL_INACTIVE('*')` | Enemy hero tail (end) when hero is inactive. | 


## What to do

The game is turn-based: Each second, the server sends the updated state of the
field to the client and waits for response. Within the next second the player
must give hero a command. If no command is given, hero moves inertially
in its current direction until stopped by a rock.

## Commands

* `UP`, `DOWN`, `LEFT`, `RIGHT` - they move hero one cell in the
  corresponding direction.
* `ACT` - drop an acorn (if hero has previously eaten at
  least one). The acorn is left at the end of hero's tail. With the help 
  of acorns players can set obstacles and block enemies.
* Movement and `ACT` commands can be combined, separating them by comma. 
  During one game cycle hero will drop an acorn and move, 
  e.g. `LEFT,ACT` or `ACT,LEFT`.

## Points

The parameters will change[(?)](#ask) as the game progresses.

## Cases

### Negative impact

- Hero that hits a rock, dies.
- Hero that hits another hero, dies.
- Hero must be at least two cells long or it dies.
- Hero that eats an acorn becomes three cells shorter, and, if that
  makes it shorter than two cells - it dies.

### Positive impact

- Hero that eats a blueberry becomes longer by one cell.
- Hero that eats a death cap flies over acorns and other heroes for 10 moves.
- Hero that eats a fly agaric can bite off parts of other heroes and eat acorns without
  negative effects for 10 moves.
- Hero that eats gold gets bonus points.

### Exceptional cases

- Heros can bite off their own tails, becoming shorter without any negative effects.
- If two heroes collide head-on, the shortest hero dies. The surviving hero becomes
  shorter - by the length of the dead one (if that makes it shorter than two cells, it dies as well).
- The bitten off part of the tail always disappears, and hero is shortened.
- If two heroes, one of which is under the death cap, collide, nothing happens.
- If two heroes collide, the under the fly agaric always wins.
- If two furious heroes collide, common collision rules are used.

## FAQ

## <a id="ask"></a> Ask Sensei

You can always see the settings of the current game
[here](/codenjoy-contest/rest/settings/player).
Please ask Sensei about current game settings. You can find Sensei in
the chat that the organizers have provided to discuss issues.

## Clients and API

The client code does not give a considerable handicap to gamers because
you should spend time to puzzle out the code. However, it is pleasant
to note that the logic of communication with the server plus some high
level API for working with the board are implemented already.

* `Solver`
  An empty class with one method — you'll have to fill it with smart logic.
* `Direcion`
  Possible commands for this game.
* `Point`
  `x`, `y` coordinates.
* `Element`
  Type of the element on the board.
* `Board`
  Еncapsulating the line with useful methods for searching
  elements on the board. The following methods can be found in the board:
* `int boardSize();`
  Size of the board
* `boolean isAt(Point point, Element element);`
  Whether the given element has given coordinate?
* `boolean isAt(Point point, Collection<Element>elements);`
  Whether any object from the given set is located in given coordinate?
* `boolean isNear(Point point, Element element);`
  Whether the given element is located near the cell with the given coordinate?
* `int countNear(Point point, Element element);`
  How many elements of the given type exist around the cell with given coordinate?
* `Element getAt(Point point);`
  Element in the current cell.
* etc... 

## Want to host an event?

It's an open source game. To implement your version of it,
to fix bugs and to add any other logic simply
[fork it](https://github.com/codenjoyme/codenjoy.git).
All instructions are in Readme.md file, you'll know what to do 
next once you read it.

If you have any questions reach me in email 
[oleksandr_baglai@epam.com](mailto:oleksandr_baglai@epam.com).

Good luck and may the best win!

Commit message:

[namdreab][all] Refactoring. Rename FURY_PILL -> FLY_AGARIC, GOLD -> STRAWBERRY.

src/main/webapp/resources/namdreab/help/dojorena-manual-en.md, after:

<!-- Code generated by ManualGeneratorRunner.java
  !!!DO NOT EDIT!!! -->
<meta charset="UTF-8">

## Intro

The game server for familiarization and practice you can always find here: [Namdreab Free-For-All server.](https://dojorena.io/games/20).

This is the open source game. To realize your game, correct errors in the current version and make the other corrections, you should [fork the project](https://github.com/codenjoyme/codenjoy) at first. There is the description in the Readme.md file in the repository root. It is specified in the description what to do next.

Game project (for writing your bot) can be found [here](https://github.com/codenjoyme/codenjoy-clients.git)

## What is the game about

Keep in mind: when writing your bot you should stick to its movement logic.
The rest of the game is ready for you.

You have to write a hero bot that will beat other bots by points. All players play on the
same field. Hero can move to empty cells in four directions but cannot move to the previous cell.

On its path a hero can encounter acorns, strawberry, fly agarics, death caps, blueberries or other
heroes. If hero eats an acorn it becomes shorter by 4 cells. If its length is less
than 2, it dies. For strawberry, blueberry and dead competitors hero gets 
bonus points[(?)](#ask).
For its own death and eaten acorns hero gets demerit points[(?)](#ask).
The points are summed up.

The player with most points when time expires wins. A dead hero immediately
vanishes and reappears on one of the respawn cells, waiting for the next
round (start event).

## Game Author

If you have any questions feel free to contact me:
Author **Корсиков Илья**,
email [kors.ilya@gmail.com](mailto:kors.ilya@gmail.com),
skype [kk.ilya](skype:kk.ilya).

## Connect to the server

So, the player registers on the server and joining the game.

Then you should connect from client code to the server via websockets. 
This [collection of clients](https://github.com/codenjoyme/codenjoy-clients.git) 
for different programming languages will help you. How to start a client 
please check at the root of the project in the README.md file.

If you can't find your programming language, you're gonna have to 
write your client (and then send us to the mail:
[oleksandr_baglai@epam.com](mailto:oleksandr_baglai@epam.com)

Address to connect the game on the server looks like this (you can 
copy it from your game room):

`https://[server]/codenjoy-contest/board/player/[user]?code=[code]`

Here `[server]` - domain/id of server, `[user]` is your player id and 
`[code]` is your security token. Make sure you keep the code safe from 
prying eyes. Any participant, knowing your code, can play on your behalf.

## Message format

After connection, the client will regularly (every second) receive 
a line of characters with the encoded state of the field. The format:

`^board=(.*)$`

You can use this regular expression to extract a board from
the resulting string.

## Field example

Here is an example of a string from the server.

<pre>☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼  ○                       ●☼☼#                           ☼☼☼      ☼#         ●         ☼☼☼                           ☼☼#                        æ  ☼☼☼                ☼#      │  ☼☼☼      ☼☼☼        ☼  ☼   │  ☼☼#      ☼          ☼  ☼   │  ☼☼☼      ☼        ● ☼  ☼   │  ☼☼☼      ☼☼☼æ       ○   ● ┌┘  ☼☼#         │    ☼#     <─┘ ● ☼☼☼     ○<──┘  ●           æ  ☼☼☼     ▲             ☼   ˄│  ☼☼#     ║                 └┘  ☼☼☼     ║                     ☼☼☼     ║           ☼#     ●● ☼☼#     ║ ☼☼ ☼                ☼☼☼     ║    ☼                ☼☼☼  ●  ║ ☼☼ ☼                ☼☼#     ║    ☼             ●  ☼☼☼ ● ╘═╝   ☼#                ☼☼☼     ●           ○         ☼☼#                  ☼☼☼   ●  ☼☼☼                        ● ●☼☼☼               ☼☼☼#        ☼☼#                           ☼☼☼                           ☼☼☼                           ☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼</pre>

The length of the string is equal to the area of the field.
If you insert a hyphen character strings every
`sqrt(length(string))` characters, then you will get a readable
field image.

<pre>☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼
☼☼  ○                       ●☼
☼#                           ☼
☼☼      ☼#         ●         ☼
☼☼                           ☼
☼#                        æ  ☼
☼☼                ☼#      │  ☼
☼☼      ☼☼☼        ☼  ☼   │  ☼
☼#      ☼          ☼  ☼   │  ☼
☼☼      ☼        ● ☼  ☼   │  ☼
☼☼      ☼☼☼æ       ○   ● ┌┘  ☼
☼#         │    ☼#     <─┘ ● ☼
☼☼     ○<──┘  ●           æ  ☼
☼☼     ▲             ☼   ˄│  ☼
☼#     ║                 └┘  ☼
☼☼     ║                     ☼
☼☼     ║           ☼#     ●● ☼
☼#     ║ ☼☼ ☼                ☼
☼☼     ║    ☼                ☼
☼☼  ●  ║ ☼☼ ☼                ☼
☼#     ║    ☼             ●  ☼
☼☼ ● ╘═╝   ☼#                ☼
☼☼     ●           ○         ☼
☼#                  ☼☼☼   ●  ☼
☼☼                        ● ●☼
☼☼               ☼☼☼#        ☼
☼#                           ☼
☼☼                           ☼
☼☼                           ☼
☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼</pre>

The first character of the line corresponds to a cell located on the
left-top corner and has the `[0, 28]` coordinate. The following example
shows the position of the hero (the `▲` character) – `[7,16]`. left-bottom
corner has the `[0, 0]` coordinate.

This is what you see on UI:

<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/help/board.png" style="height:auto;" />

<meta charset="UTF-8">

## Symbol breakdown
| Sprite | Code | Description |
| -------- | -------- | -------- |
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/none.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `NONE(' ')` | Empty space - space where the hero can move. | 
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/rock.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `ROCK('☼')` | Impenetrable rock. | 
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/start_spot.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `START_SPOT('#')` | Respawn point from which the hero starts its movement. | 
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/blueberry.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `BLUEBERRY('○')` | Blueberry. | 
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/acorn.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `ACORN('●')` | Acorn. | 
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/death_cap.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `DEATH_CAP('©')` | Death cap. Brings the player into flight mode, which gives him the ability to avoid obstacles. | 
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/fly_agaric.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `FLY_AGARIC('®')` | Fly agaric. Brings the player into a fury, which gives him an advantage when clashing. | 
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/strawberry.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `STRAWBERRY('$')` | Strawberry. | 
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/head_down.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `HEAD_DOWN('▼')` | Your hero head pointing down. | 
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/head_left.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `HEAD_LEFT('◄')` | Your hero head pointing left. | 
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/head_right.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `HEAD_RIGHT('►')` | Your hero head pointing right. | 
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/head_up.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `HEAD_UP('▲')` | Your hero head pointing up. | 
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/head_dead.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `HEAD_DEAD('☻')` | Your hero is dead. | 
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/head_evil.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `HEAD_EVIL('♥')` | Your hero head under influence fly agaric. | 
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/head_fly.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `HEAD_FLY('♠')` | Your hero head under influence death cap. | 
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/head_sleep.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `HEAD_SLEEP('&')` | Your hero head when hero is inactive. | 
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/body_horizontal.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `BODY_HORIZONTAL('═')` | Body of your hero is directed horizontally. | 
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/body_vertical.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `BODY_VERTICAL('║')` | Body of your hero is directed vertically. | 
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/body_left_down.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `BODY_LEFT_DOWN('╗')` | Turning your hero body from left to down. | 
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/body_left_up.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `BODY_LEFT_UP('╝')` | Turning your hero body from left to up. | 
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/body_right_down.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `BODY_RIGHT_DOWN('╔')` | Turning your hero body from right to down. | 
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/body_right_up.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `BODY_RIGHT_UP('╚')` | Turning your hero body from left to up. | 
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/tail_end_down.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `TAIL_END_DOWN('╙')` | Your hero tail (end) pointing down. | 
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/tail_end_left.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `TAIL_END_LEFT('╘')` | Your hero tail (end) pointing left. | 
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/tail_end_up.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `TAIL_END_UP('╓')` | Your hero tail (end) pointing up. | 
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/tail_end_right.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `TAIL_END_RIGHT('╕')` | Your hero tail (end) pointing right. | 
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/tail_inactive.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `TAIL_INACTIVE('~')` | Your hero tail (end) when hero is inactive. | 
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/enemy_head_down.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `ENEMY_HEAD_DOWN('˅')` | Enemy hero head pointing down. | 
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/enemy_head_left.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `ENEMY_HEAD_LEFT('<')` | Enemy hero head pointing left. | 
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/enemy_head_right.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `ENEMY_HEAD_RIGHT('>')` | Enemy hero head pointing right. | 
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/enemy_head_up.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `ENEMY_HEAD_UP('˄')` | Enemy hero head pointing up. | 
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/enemy_head_dead.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `ENEMY_HEAD_DEAD('☺')` | Enemy hero is dead. | 
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/enemy_head_evil.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `ENEMY_HEAD_EVIL('♣')` | Enemy hero head under influence fly agaric. | 
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/enemy_head_fly.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `ENEMY_HEAD_FLY('♦')` | Enemy hero head under influence death cap. | 
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/enemy_head_sleep.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `ENEMY_HEAD_SLEEP('ø')` | Enemy hero head when hero is inactive. | 
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/enemy_body_horizontal.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `ENEMY_BODY_HORIZONTAL('─')` | Body of enemy hero is directed horizontally. | 
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/enemy_body_vertical.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `ENEMY_BODY_VERTICAL('│')` | Body of enemy hero is directed vertically. | 
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/enemy_body_left_down.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `ENEMY_BODY_LEFT_DOWN('┐')` | Turning enemy hero body from left to down. | 
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/enemy_body_left_up.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `ENEMY_BODY_LEFT_UP('┘')` | Turning enemy hero body from left to up. | 
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/enemy_body_right_down.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `ENEMY_BODY_RIGHT_DOWN('┌')` | Turning enemy hero body from right to down. | 
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/enemy_body_right_up.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `ENEMY_BODY_RIGHT_UP('└')` | Turning enemy hero body from left to up. | 
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/enemy_tail_end_down.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `ENEMY_TAIL_END_DOWN('¤')` | Enemy hero tail (end) pointing down. | 
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/enemy_tail_end_left.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `ENEMY_TAIL_END_LEFT('×')` | Enemy hero tail (end) pointing left. | 
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/enemy_tail_end_up.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `ENEMY_TAIL_END_UP('æ')` | Enemy hero tail (end) pointing up. | 
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/enemy_tail_end_right.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `ENEMY_TAIL_END_RIGHT('ö')` | Enemy hero tail (end) pointing right. | 
|<img src="/codenjoy-contest/resources/namdreab/sprite/enemy_tail_inactive.png" style="height:auto;" /> | `ENEMY_TAIL_INACTIVE('*')` | Enemy hero tail (end) when hero is inactive. | 


## What to do

The game is turn-based: Each second, the server sends the updated state of the
field to the client and waits for response. Within the next second the player
must give hero a command. If no command is given, hero moves inertially
in its current direction until stopped by a rock.

## Commands

* `UP`, `DOWN`, `LEFT`, `RIGHT` - they move hero one cell in the
  corresponding direction.
* `ACT` - drop an acorn (if hero has previously eaten at
  least one). The acorn is left at the end of hero's tail. With the help 
  of acorns players can set obstacles and block enemies.
* Movement and `ACT` commands can be combined, separating them by comma. 
  During one game cycle hero will drop an acorn and move, 
  e.g. `LEFT,ACT` or `ACT,LEFT`.

## Points

The parameters will change[(?)](#ask) as the game progresses.

## Cases

### Negative impact

- Hero that hits a rock, dies.
- Hero that hits another hero, dies.
- Hero must be at least two cells long or it dies.
- Hero that eats an acorn becomes three cells shorter, and, if that
  makes it shorter than two cells - it dies.

### Positive impact

- Hero that eats a blueberry becomes longer by one cell.
- Hero that eats a death cap flies over acorns and other heroes for 10 moves.
- Hero that eats a fly agaric can bite off parts of other heroes and eat acorns without
  negative effects for 10 moves.
- Hero that eats strawberry gets bonus points.

### Exceptional cases

- Heros can bite off their own tails, becoming shorter without any negative effects.
- If two heroes collide head-on, the shortest hero dies. The surviving hero becomes
  shorter - by the length of the dead one (if that makes it shorter than two cells, it dies as well).
- The bitten off part of the tail always disappears, and hero is shortened.
- If two heroes, one of which is under the death cap, collide, nothing happens.
- If two heroes collide, the under the fly agaric always wins.
- If two furious heroes collide, common collision rules are used.

## FAQ

## <a id="ask"></a> Ask Sensei

You can always see the settings of the current game
[here](/codenjoy-contest/rest/settings/player).
Please ask Sensei about current game settings. You can find Sensei in
the chat that the organizers have provided to discuss issues.

## Clients and API

The client code does not give a considerable handicap to gamers because
you should spend time to puzzle out the code. However, it is pleasant
to note that the logic of communication with the server plus some high
level API for working with the board are implemented already.

* `Solver`
  An empty class with one method — you'll have to fill it with smart logic.
* `Direcion`
  Possible commands for this game.
* `Point`
  `x`, `y` coordinates.
* `Element`
  Type of the element on the board.
* `Board`
  Еncapsulating the line with useful methods for searching
  elements on the board. The following methods can be found in the board:
* `int boardSize();`
  Size of the board
* `boolean isAt(Point point, Element element);`
  Whether the given element has given coordinate?
* `boolean isAt(Point point, Collection<Element>elements);`
  Whether any object from the given set is located in given coordinate?
* `boolean isNear(Point point, Element element);`
  Whether the given element is located near the cell with the given coordinate?
* `int countNear(Point point, Element element);`
  How many elements of the given type exist around the cell with given coordinate?
* `Element getAt(Point point);`
  Element in the current cell.
* etc... 

## Want to host an event?

It's an open source game. To implement your version of it,
to fix bugs and to add any other logic simply
[fork it](https://github.com/codenjoyme/codenjoy.git).
All instructions are in Readme.md file, you'll know what to do 
next once you read it.

If you have any questions reach me in email 
[oleksandr_baglai@epam.com](mailto:oleksandr_baglai@epam.com).

Good luck and may the best win!
