src/main/webapp/resources/namdreab/help/index-en.md, before:

<meta charset="UTF-8">

## Intro

The game server is available for familiarization reasons
[http://codenjoy.com/codenjoy-contest](http://codenjoy.com/codenjoy-contest).

This is the open source game. To realize your game, correct errors in the current
version and make the other corrections, you should
[fork the project](https://github.com/codenjoyme/codenjoy) at first.
There is the description in the Readme.md file in the repository root.
It is specified in the description what to do next.

If any questions, please write in [skype:alexander.baglay](skype:alexander.baglay)
or Email [apofig@gmail.com](mailto:apofig@gmail.com).

Game project (for writing your bot) can be
found [here](https://github.com/codenjoyme/codenjoy-clients.git)

## What is the game about

Keep in mind: when writing your bot you should stick to its movement logic.
The rest of the game is ready for you.

You have to write a hero bot that will beat other bots by points. All players play on the
same field. Hero can move to empty cells in four directions but cannot move to the previous cell.

On its path a hero can encounter acorns, gold, fury pills, flying pills, blueberries or other
heroes. If hero eats an acorn it became shorter by 4 cells. If its length is less
than 2, it dies. For gold, blueberries and dead competitors hero gets 
bonus points[(?)](#ask).
For its own death and eaten acorns hero gets demerit points[(?)](#ask).
The points are summed up.

The player with most points when time expires wins. A dead hero immediately
vanishes and reappears on one of the respawn cells, waiting for the next
round (start event).

## Connect to the server

So, the player [registers on the server](../../../register?gameName=namdreab)
and joining the game.

Then you should connect from client code to the server via websockets.
This [collection of clients](https://github.com/codenjoyme/codenjoy-clients.git)
for different programming languages will help you. How to start a
client please check at the root of the project in the README.md file.

If you can't find your programming language, you're gonna
have to write your client (and then send us to the mail:
[apofig@gmail.com](mailto:apofig@gmail.com))

Address to connect the game on the server looks like this (you can
copy it from your game room):

`https://[server]/codenjoy-contest/board/player/[user]?code=[code]`

Here `[server]` - domain/id of server, `[user]` is your player id
and `[code]` is your security token. Make sure you keep the code
safe from prying eyes. Any participant, knowing your code, can
play on your behalf.

In the client code, you need to find a similar line and replace it
with your URL - thereby, you set the login / password to access the
server. Then start your client and make sure the server receives
your client's commands. After that, you can start working on the
logic of the bot.

## Message format

After the connection is established, the client will regularly (every second)
receive a symbol string with encoded state of the field.

The format is as follows:

`^board=(.*)$`

You can use this regular expression to extract a board from
the resulting string.

## Field example

Here is an example of a string from the server.

<pre>☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼  ○                       ●☼☼#                           ☼☼☼      ☼#         ●         ☼☼☼                           ☼☼#                        æ  ☼☼☼                ☼#      │  ☼☼☼      ☼☼☼        ☼  ☼   │  ☼☼#      ☼          ☼  ☼   │  ☼☼☼      ☼        ● ☼  ☼   │  ☼☼☼      ☼☼☼æ       ○   ● ┌┘  ☼☼#         │    ☼#     <─┘ ● ☼☼☼     ○<──┘  ●           æ  ☼☼☼     ▲             ☼   ˄│  ☼☼#     ║                 └┘  ☼☼☼     ║                     ☼☼☼     ║           ☼#     ●● ☼☼#     ║ ☼☼ ☼                ☼☼☼     ║    ☼                ☼☼☼  ●  ║ ☼☼ ☼                ☼☼#     ║    ☼             ●  ☼☼☼ ● ╘═╝   ☼#                ☼☼☼     ●           ○         ☼☼#                  ☼☼☼   ●  ☼☼☼                        ● ●☼☼☼               ☼☼☼#        ☼☼#                           ☼☼☼                           ☼☼☼                           ☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼</pre>

The length of the string is equal to the area of the field.
If you insert a hyphen character strings every
`sqrt(length(string))` characters, then you will get a readable
field image.

<pre>☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼
☼☼  ○                       ●☼
☼#                           ☼
☼☼      ☼#         ●         ☼
☼☼                           ☼
☼#                        æ  ☼
☼☼                ☼#      │  ☼
☼☼      ☼☼☼        ☼  ☼   │  ☼
☼#      ☼          ☼  ☼   │  ☼
☼☼      ☼        ● ☼  ☼   │  ☼
☼☼      ☼☼☼æ       ○   ● ┌┘  ☼
☼#         │    ☼#     <─┘ ● ☼
☼☼     ○<──┘  ●           æ  ☼
☼☼     ▲             ☼   ˄│  ☼
☼#     ║                 └┘  ☼
☼☼     ║                     ☼
☼☼     ║           ☼#     ●● ☼
☼#     ║ ☼☼ ☼                ☼
☼☼     ║    ☼                ☼
☼☼  ●  ║ ☼☼ ☼                ☼
☼#     ║    ☼             ●  ☼
☼☼ ● ╘═╝   ☼#                ☼
☼☼     ●           ○         ☼
☼#                  ☼☼☼   ●  ☼
☼☼                        ● ●☼
☼☼               ☼☼☼#        ☼
☼#                           ☼
☼☼                           ☼
☼☼                           ☼
☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼</pre>

The first character of the line corresponds to a cell located on the
left-top corner and has the `[0, 28]` coordinate. The following example
shows the position of the hero (the `▲` character) – `[7,16]`. left-bottom
corner has the `[0, 0]` coordinate.

This is what you see on UI:

![](board.jpg)

## Symbol breakdown

Please [check it here](elements.md).

## What to do

The game is turn-based: Each second, the server sends the updated state of the
field to the client and waits for response. Within the next second the player
must give hero a command. If no command is given, hero moves inertially
in its current direction until stopped by a rock.

## Commands

* `UP`, `DOWN`, `LEFT`, `RIGHT` - they move hero one cell in the
  corresponding direction.
* `ACT` - drop an acorn (if hero has previously eaten at
  least one). The acorn is left at the end of hero's tail. With the help 
  of acorns players can set obstacles and block enemies.
* Movement and `ACT` commands can be combined, separating them by comma. 
  During one game cycle hero will drop an acorn and move, 
  e.g. `LEFT,ACT` or `ACT,LEFT`.

## Points

The parameters will change[(?)](#ask) as the game progresses.

## Cases

### Negative impact

- Hero that hits a rock, dies.
- Hero that hits another hero, dies.
- Hero must be at least two cells long or it dies.
- Hero that eats an acorn becomes three cells shorter, and, if that
  makes it shorter than two cells - it dies.

### Positive impact

- Hero that eats a blueberry becomes longer by one cell.
- Hero that eats a flying pill flies over acorns and other heroes for 10 moves.
- Hero that eats a fury pill can bite off parts of other heroes and eat acorns without
  negative effects for 10 moves.
- Hero that eats gold gets bonus points.

### Exceptional cases

- Heros can bite off their own tails, becoming shorter without any negative effects.
- If two heroes collide head-on, the shortest hero dies. The surviving hero becomes
  shorter - by the length of the dead one (if that makes it shorter than two cells, it dies as well).
- The bitten off part of the tail always disappears, and hero is shortened.
- If two heroes, one of which is under the flying pill, collide, nothing happens.
- If two heroes collide, the under the fury pill always wins.
- If two furious heroes collide, common collision rules are used.

## <a id="ask"></a> Ask Sensei

You can always see the settings of the current game
[here](/codenjoy-contest/rest/settings/player).
Please ask Sensei about current game settings. You can find Sensei in
the chat that the organizers have provided to discuss issues.

## Hints

Your goal is to make hero move according to your algorithm. The algorithm must
block and destroy enemy heroes with the help of bonuses (pills). The ultimate goal
is winning the game.

For your algorithm you can use the existing class DeikstraFindWay and 
getShortestWay() method in particular.

If you are not sure what to do try to implement the following algorithms:

- Move to a random empty adjacent cell.
- Move to a free cell in the direction of the nearest blueberry.
- Move to a blueberry that can be reached faster.
- Avoid longer enemies and ones under fury pill.
- Block the supposed path of the enemy by your tail.

Maximum number of players is defined by the number of respawn points. 
15 for the current map.

## Clients and API

The client code does not give a considerable handicap to gamers because
you should spend time to puzzle out the code. However, it is pleasant
to note that the logic of communication with the server plus some high
level API for working with the board are implemented already.

* `Solver`
  An empty class with one method — you'll have to fill it with smart logic.
* `Direcion`
  Possible commands for this game.
* `Point`
  `x`, `y` coordinates.
* `Element`
  Type of the element on the board.
* `Board`
  Еncapsulating the line with useful methods for searching
  elements on the board. The following methods can be found in the board:
* `int boardSize();`
  Size of the board
* `boolean isAt(Point point, Element element);`
  Whether the given element has given coordinate?
* `boolean isAt(Point point, Collection<Element>elements);`
  Whether any object from the given set is located in given coordinate?
* `boolean isNear(Point point, Element element);`
  Whether the given element is located near the cell with the given coordinate?
* `int countNear(Point point, Element element);`
  How many elements of the given type exist around the cell with given coordinate?
* `Element getAt(Point point);`
  Element in the current cell.
* etc... 

## Game Author

If you have any questions feel free to contact me:
Author **Корсиков Илья**,
email [kors.ilya@gmail.com](mailto:kors.ilya@gmail.com),
skype [kk.ilya](skype:kk.ilya).

## Want to host an event?

It's an open source game. To implement your version of it,
to fix bugs and to add any other logic simply
[fork it](https://github.com/codenjoyme/codenjoy.git).
All instructions are in Readme.md file, you'll know what to do next once you read it.

If you have any questions reach me in [skype alexander.baglay](skype:alexander.baglay)
or email [apofig@gmail.com](mailto:apofig@gmail.com).

Good luck and may the best win!

Commit message:

[namdreab][clients][all] Rename FLYING_PILL -> DEATH_CAP.

src/main/webapp/resources/namdreab/help/index-en.md, after:

<meta charset="UTF-8">

## Intro

The game server is available for familiarization reasons
[http://codenjoy.com/codenjoy-contest](http://codenjoy.com/codenjoy-contest).

This is the open source game. To realize your game, correct errors in the current
version and make the other corrections, you should
[fork the project](https://github.com/codenjoyme/codenjoy) at first.
There is the description in the Readme.md file in the repository root.
It is specified in the description what to do next.

If any questions, please write in [skype:alexander.baglay](skype:alexander.baglay)
or Email [apofig@gmail.com](mailto:apofig@gmail.com).

Game project (for writing your bot) can be
found [here](https://github.com/codenjoyme/codenjoy-clients.git)

## What is the game about

Keep in mind: when writing your bot you should stick to its movement logic.
The rest of the game is ready for you.

You have to write a hero bot that will beat other bots by points. All players play on the
same field. Hero can move to empty cells in four directions but cannot move to the previous cell.

On its path a hero can encounter acorns, gold, fury pills, death caps, blueberries or other
heroes. If hero eats an acorn it became shorter by 4 cells. If its length is less
than 2, it dies. For gold, blueberries and dead competitors hero gets 
bonus points[(?)](#ask).
For its own death and eaten acorns hero gets demerit points[(?)](#ask).
The points are summed up.

The player with most points when time expires wins. A dead hero immediately
vanishes and reappears on one of the respawn cells, waiting for the next
round (start event).

## Connect to the server

So, the player [registers on the server](../../../register?gameName=namdreab)
and joining the game.

Then you should connect from client code to the server via websockets.
This [collection of clients](https://github.com/codenjoyme/codenjoy-clients.git)
for different programming languages will help you. How to start a
client please check at the root of the project in the README.md file.

If you can't find your programming language, you're gonna
have to write your client (and then send us to the mail:
[apofig@gmail.com](mailto:apofig@gmail.com))

Address to connect the game on the server looks like this (you can
copy it from your game room):

`https://[server]/codenjoy-contest/board/player/[user]?code=[code]`

Here `[server]` - domain/id of server, `[user]` is your player id
and `[code]` is your security token. Make sure you keep the code
safe from prying eyes. Any participant, knowing your code, can
play on your behalf.

In the client code, you need to find a similar line and replace it
with your URL - thereby, you set the login / password to access the
server. Then start your client and make sure the server receives
your client's commands. After that, you can start working on the
logic of the bot.

## Message format

After the connection is established, the client will regularly (every second)
receive a symbol string with encoded state of the field.

The format is as follows:

`^board=(.*)$`

You can use this regular expression to extract a board from
the resulting string.

## Field example

Here is an example of a string from the server.

<pre>☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼  ○                       ●☼☼#                           ☼☼☼      ☼#         ●         ☼☼☼                           ☼☼#                        æ  ☼☼☼                ☼#      │  ☼☼☼      ☼☼☼        ☼  ☼   │  ☼☼#      ☼          ☼  ☼   │  ☼☼☼      ☼        ● ☼  ☼   │  ☼☼☼      ☼☼☼æ       ○   ● ┌┘  ☼☼#         │    ☼#     <─┘ ● ☼☼☼     ○<──┘  ●           æ  ☼☼☼     ▲             ☼   ˄│  ☼☼#     ║                 └┘  ☼☼☼     ║                     ☼☼☼     ║           ☼#     ●● ☼☼#     ║ ☼☼ ☼                ☼☼☼     ║    ☼                ☼☼☼  ●  ║ ☼☼ ☼                ☼☼#     ║    ☼             ●  ☼☼☼ ● ╘═╝   ☼#                ☼☼☼     ●           ○         ☼☼#                  ☼☼☼   ●  ☼☼☼                        ● ●☼☼☼               ☼☼☼#        ☼☼#                           ☼☼☼                           ☼☼☼                           ☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼</pre>

The length of the string is equal to the area of the field.
If you insert a hyphen character strings every
`sqrt(length(string))` characters, then you will get a readable
field image.

<pre>☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼
☼☼  ○                       ●☼
☼#                           ☼
☼☼      ☼#         ●         ☼
☼☼                           ☼
☼#                        æ  ☼
☼☼                ☼#      │  ☼
☼☼      ☼☼☼        ☼  ☼   │  ☼
☼#      ☼          ☼  ☼   │  ☼
☼☼      ☼        ● ☼  ☼   │  ☼
☼☼      ☼☼☼æ       ○   ● ┌┘  ☼
☼#         │    ☼#     <─┘ ● ☼
☼☼     ○<──┘  ●           æ  ☼
☼☼     ▲             ☼   ˄│  ☼
☼#     ║                 └┘  ☼
☼☼     ║                     ☼
☼☼     ║           ☼#     ●● ☼
☼#     ║ ☼☼ ☼                ☼
☼☼     ║    ☼                ☼
☼☼  ●  ║ ☼☼ ☼                ☼
☼#     ║    ☼             ●  ☼
☼☼ ● ╘═╝   ☼#                ☼
☼☼     ●           ○         ☼
☼#                  ☼☼☼   ●  ☼
☼☼                        ● ●☼
☼☼               ☼☼☼#        ☼
☼#                           ☼
☼☼                           ☼
☼☼                           ☼
☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼☼</pre>

The first character of the line corresponds to a cell located on the
left-top corner and has the `[0, 28]` coordinate. The following example
shows the position of the hero (the `▲` character) – `[7,16]`. left-bottom
corner has the `[0, 0]` coordinate.

This is what you see on UI:

![](board.jpg)

## Symbol breakdown

Please [check it here](elements.md).

## What to do

The game is turn-based: Each second, the server sends the updated state of the
field to the client and waits for response. Within the next second the player
must give hero a command. If no command is given, hero moves inertially
in its current direction until stopped by a rock.

## Commands

* `UP`, `DOWN`, `LEFT`, `RIGHT` - they move hero one cell in the
  corresponding direction.
* `ACT` - drop an acorn (if hero has previously eaten at
  least one). The acorn is left at the end of hero's tail. With the help 
  of acorns players can set obstacles and block enemies.
* Movement and `ACT` commands can be combined, separating them by comma. 
  During one game cycle hero will drop an acorn and move, 
  e.g. `LEFT,ACT` or `ACT,LEFT`.

## Points

The parameters will change[(?)](#ask) as the game progresses.

## Cases

### Negative impact

- Hero that hits a rock, dies.
- Hero that hits another hero, dies.
- Hero must be at least two cells long or it dies.
- Hero that eats an acorn becomes three cells shorter, and, if that
  makes it shorter than two cells - it dies.

### Positive impact

- Hero that eats a blueberry becomes longer by one cell.
- Hero that eats a death cap flies over acorns and other heroes for 10 moves.
- Hero that eats a fury pill can bite off parts of other heroes and eat acorns without
  negative effects for 10 moves.
- Hero that eats gold gets bonus points.

### Exceptional cases

- Heros can bite off their own tails, becoming shorter without any negative effects.
- If two heroes collide head-on, the shortest hero dies. The surviving hero becomes
  shorter - by the length of the dead one (if that makes it shorter than two cells, it dies as well).
- The bitten off part of the tail always disappears, and hero is shortened.
- If two heroes, one of which is under the death cap, collide, nothing happens.
- If two heroes collide, the under the fury pill always wins.
- If two furious heroes collide, common collision rules are used.

## <a id="ask"></a> Ask Sensei

You can always see the settings of the current game
[here](/codenjoy-contest/rest/settings/player).
Please ask Sensei about current game settings. You can find Sensei in
the chat that the organizers have provided to discuss issues.

## Hints

Your goal is to make hero move according to your algorithm. The algorithm must
block and destroy enemy heroes with the help of bonuses (pills). The ultimate goal
is winning the game.

For your algorithm you can use the existing class DeikstraFindWay and 
getShortestWay() method in particular.

If you are not sure what to do try to implement the following algorithms:

- Move to a random empty adjacent cell.
- Move to a free cell in the direction of the nearest blueberry.
- Move to a blueberry that can be reached faster.
- Avoid longer enemies and ones under fury pill.
- Block the supposed path of the enemy by your tail.

Maximum number of players is defined by the number of respawn points. 
15 for the current map.

## Clients and API

The client code does not give a considerable handicap to gamers because
you should spend time to puzzle out the code. However, it is pleasant
to note that the logic of communication with the server plus some high
level API for working with the board are implemented already.

* `Solver`
  An empty class with one method — you'll have to fill it with smart logic.
* `Direcion`
  Possible commands for this game.
* `Point`
  `x`, `y` coordinates.
* `Element`
  Type of the element on the board.
* `Board`
  Еncapsulating the line with useful methods for searching
  elements on the board. The following methods can be found in the board:
* `int boardSize();`
  Size of the board
* `boolean isAt(Point point, Element element);`
  Whether the given element has given coordinate?
* `boolean isAt(Point point, Collection<Element>elements);`
  Whether any object from the given set is located in given coordinate?
* `boolean isNear(Point point, Element element);`
  Whether the given element is located near the cell with the given coordinate?
* `int countNear(Point point, Element element);`
  How many elements of the given type exist around the cell with given coordinate?
* `Element getAt(Point point);`
  Element in the current cell.
* etc... 

## Game Author

If you have any questions feel free to contact me:
Author **Корсиков Илья**,
email [kors.ilya@gmail.com](mailto:kors.ilya@gmail.com),
skype [kk.ilya](skype:kk.ilya).

## Want to host an event?

It's an open source game. To implement your version of it,
to fix bugs and to add any other logic simply
[fork it](https://github.com/codenjoyme/codenjoy.git).
All instructions are in Readme.md file, you'll know what to do next once you read it.

If you have any questions reach me in [skype alexander.baglay](skype:alexander.baglay)
or email [apofig@gmail.com](mailto:apofig@gmail.com).

Good luck and may the best win!
